Update documentation for Subscription v1alpha2 CRD (#16340)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/03-tutorials/00-eventing/evnt-03-type-cleanup.md

     namespace: default
   spec:
     sink: 'http://lastorder.default.svc.cluster.local'

>      source: myapp

Reviewer: don't forget to change the `apiVersion` to `eventing.kyma-project.io/v1alpha2`.

Author: Updated.

To check the Subscription cleaned Event type, run:
```bash
kubectl get subscriptions lastorder-payment-sub -o=jsonpath="{.status.types}"
```

Note that the returned event type `["order.paymentsuccess.v1"]` does not contain the asterisk `*` in the `payment*success` part. That's because Kyma Eventing cleans out the prohibited characters from the event name and uses the cleaned event name in the underlying Eventing backend.

## Trigger the workload with an event

You created the `lastorder` Function, and subscribed to the `order.payment*success.v1` events by creating a Subscription CR. 

> Next, you see that you can still publish events with the original Event name (i.e. `order.payment*success.v1`) even though it contains the prohibited character, and it will trigger the Function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, you see that you can still publish events with the original Event name (i.e. `order.payment*success.v1`) even though it contains the prohibited character, and it triggers the Function.
```

You see the received event in the logs:
```
Received event:  { orderCode: '3211213', orderAmount: '1250' } , Event Type:  order.paymentsuccess.v1
```
Note that the `Event Type` of the received event is not the same as defined in the Subscription.

## Conclusion

> You see that Kyma Eventing modifies the event names to filter out prohibited character to conform to Cloud Event specifications. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You see that Kyma Eventing modifies the event names to filter out prohibited characters to conform to Cloud Event specifications. 
```
